---
title: "Daily Report 0x01"
slug: "0x01"
date: 2022-07-03T11:02:58+07:00
draft: false
image: "img/default_1.jpeg"
# image: "img/default_2.jpeg"
# image: "img/default_3.jpeg"
# image: "img/Watermelon.jpeg"
# image: "img/Grass.jpeg"
categories:
  - Daily Report
---

This is my first daily report for what i have done today... I will just describe about learning and programing or sometime a bit about personal life :D.

## Morning

I planed to create this page, and got it to work after few hours of fixing little bugs that I made.

I made a new branch, using HUGO and this theme. Then setup some configurations for the page, release a stable config and merge it with `main` branch.

The first problem is `git submodule`, I don't want to bother with it so I deleted the "git related" files... I think it solve the problem.

I merge the `template` branch into `main`. But the problem shown up causing me to not able to merge. The problem is because workflow not working due to `git submodule` 🤦

Half an hour later...

Github Workflow finally works, but the result site does not seem fine. Some of the links are broken. Looked back at the log of Github Workflow, there is an error about submodule when the checkout will look for the git submodule (which was not found in this case) so it throw an error, cause the page to not working correctly.

In my case, i need to fork the repo in order to update my own content in the theme. Then clone it as a submodule inside this `personal-daily-report` repo.

Push the new content to github, and it works :D

Wow, it took me all 3 hours to make this sh*t works. Now, i just need to push new content and github action will automatically public it!

Perfect!!

## Afternoon

I am working with with Dev Extreme with the given Material Dashboard UI.



## Night
